he is a registered American Sandberg red
velvet as I said five years old he's
being shown for you today by his
lifelong trainer Eric Rudolph so he was
born here and raised and still remains
on this farm he's a he's shown in the
Peruvian ledger division and by this
championship designation you can tell
he's done very very well he's a
beautiful example of an American
Saddlebred pleasure horse first of all
is drop-dead gorgeous secondly the way
that he moves it's very balanced very
pretty very animated as you want a show
horse to beat and yet he looks like he's
a pleasure to ride got some pleasure
horse eric is demonstrating for you now
a canter you can see how smooth this
canter is looks like he's a lot of
counter
right here mojito is known to his
friends as Clayton you may have heard
your kids booing and I love explaining
that I think pretty much everybody does
demonstrating the show trot for you the
second direction of the Ring
notice how Quentin use
sounds like a little thing but it's the
total package it's that total motels I
love my task I'd like to be here I like
being a show horse and play some dust
indeed enjoy being a show horse go ahead
give him a big round of applause